#   Copyright
#
#	Copyright (C) 2009-2012 Jari Aalto
#
#   License
#
#       This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#       it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
#       the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
#       (at your option) any later version.
#
#       This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#       but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#       MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
#       GNU General Public License for more details.
#
#       You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#       along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
#
#   Description
#
#	To learn what TOP LEVEL sections to use in manual pages,
#	see POSIX/Susv standard and "Utility Description Defaults" at
#	http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/utilities/xcu_chap01.html#tag_01_11
#
#	This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#	http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#	    perldoc perlpod | less
#
#	To check the syntax:
#
#	    podchecker *.pod
#
#	Create manual page with command:
#
#	    pod2man PAGE.N.pod > PAGE.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

gif2apng -  convert animated GIF to animated PNG files

=head1 SYNOPSIS

gif2apng <INPUT *.gif> [<OUTPUT *.png>] [options]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Progrmam converts animated GIF into animated PNG format. Wu64
quantization is used for true-color files. Transparency is handled
either using a threshold, or composed over chosen background color.

The Animated Portable Network Graphics (APNG) file format is an
extension to the Portable Network Graphics (PNG) specification. It
allows for animated PNG files that work similarly to animated GIF
files, while retaining backward compatibility with non-animated PNG
files and adding support for 8-bit transparency and 24-bit images.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-kp>

Keep original palette from GIF and do not optimize it for PNG.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 STANDARDS

APNG homepage http://animatedpng.com

=head1 SEE ALSO

apng2gif(1)
gifsicle(1)
gifview(1)
optipng(1)
pngcheck(1)
pngcrush
pnginfo(1)
pngnq(1)
pngquant(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by Max Stepin <maxst@users.sourceforge.net>

This manual page was written by Jari Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>.
Released under license GNU GPL version 2 or (at your option) any later
version. For more information about license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
